ReadFile improvement and ShowIncidentIndicators bugfix for 8.0+ (#24754)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_11_32.md

#### Scripts

##### ReadFile

> - Updated the script to print the file content to the war-room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the script to print the file content to the War Room.
```

> - Improved the script to also print the data of the read file to the war-room.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the script to print the file content to the war-room.
```

##### ShowIncidentIndicators

> - Fixed an issue where the script would show unrelated indicators on Cortex XSOAR 8.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the script would show unrelated indicators in Cortex XSOAR 8.0+.
```
